pkg/service: Backends leak follow ups with revised fixes, debugging improvements and unit tests (#24770)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free.rst

    48498    getpeername4
    48494    getpeername6

Known Issues
############

In case of clusters deployed with cilium version < 1.11.15, there was an issue
discovered where service backend entries could be leaked in the BPF maps in some. The

> known corner cases that could lead to such leaks are due to race conditions between

Reviewer: Could you elaborate on those corner cases?

Author: The next sentence does elaborate. :)

> In case of clusters deployed with cilium version < 1.11.15, there was an issue
> discovered where service backend entries could be leaked in the BPF maps in some. The
> known corner cases that could lead to such leaks are due to race conditions between
> deletion of a service backend while it's terminating, and simultaneous deletion of the service
> the backend is associated with. This could lead to duplicate backend entries
> getting created that could eventually lead to fill up of the ``cilium_lb4_backends_v2`` map.
> You may see error messages like these in the cilium agent logs in such cases::

Reviewer 2: Edits for plain language; capitalize "Cilium"
```suggestion
For clusters deployed with Cilium version < 1.11.15, service backend entries could be leaked in the BPF maps in some instances. The
known corner cases that could lead to such leaks are due to race conditions between
deletion of a service backend while it's terminating, and simultaneous deletion of the service
the backend is associated with. This could lead to duplicate backend entries
that could eventually fill up the ``cilium_lb4_backends_v2`` map.
In such cases, you might see error messages like these in the Cilium agent logs::
```

    Unable to update element for cilium_lb4_backends_v2 map with file descriptor 15: the map is full, please consider resizing it. argument list too long

While the leak was fixed in cilium version 1.11.15, any affected clusters upgrading
from the problematic cilium versions (< 1.11.14) to any subsequent versions may see
the leaked backends not getting cleaned up from the BPF maps post cilium agent restart,
in some cases. The fixes to clean up such leaked duplicate backend entries were
backported to older releases, and will be available as part of the cilium versions
v1.11.16, v1.12.9 and v1.13.2. Any fresh clusters deployed cilium versions

> 1.11.15 or higher don't have this particular leak issue.

Reviewer 2: Edits for plain language, capitalization; avoid statements about the future
```suggestion
While the leak was fixed in Cilium version 1.11.15, in some cases, any affected clusters upgrading
from versions < 1.11.14 to any subsequent versions may not see
the leaked backends cleaned from the BPF maps after cilium agent restart.
The fixes to clean up such leaked duplicate backend entries were
backported to older releases, and are available as part of Cilium versions
v1.11.16, v1.12.9 and v1.13.2. Fresh clusters deploying Cilium versions
1.11.15 or higher don't experience this particular leak issue.
```

    48498    getpeername4
    48494    getpeername6

Known Issues
############

> For clusters deployed with Cilium version 1.11.14 or lower, service backend entries could
> be leaked in the BPF maps in some instances. The known corner cases that could
> lead to such leaks are due to race conditions between deletion of a service backend
> while it's terminating, and simultaneous deletion of the service the backend is
> associated with. This could lead to duplicate backend entries that could eventually
> fill up the ``cilium_lb4_backends_v2`` map.

Reviewer 2: Clarity nit, "earlier" vs "lower"
```suggestion
For clusters deployed with Cilium version 1.11.14 or earlier, service backend entries could
be leaked in the BPF maps in some instances. The known cases that could
lead to such leaks are due to race conditions between deletion of a service backend
while it's terminating, and simultaneous deletion of the service the backend is
associated with. This could lead to duplicate backend entries that could eventually
fill up the ``cilium_lb4_backends_v2`` map.
```

In such cases, you might see error messages like these in the Cilium agent logs::

    Unable to update element for cilium_lb4_backends_v2 map with file descriptor 15: the map is full, please consider resizing it. argument list too long

While the leak was fixed in Cilium version 1.11.15, in some cases, any affected clusters upgrading

> from the problematic cilium versions 1.11.14 or lower to any subsequent versions may not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from the problematic cilium versions 1.11.14 or earlier to any subsequent versions may not
```

> see the leaked backends cleaned up from the BPF maps after Cilium agent restart.

Reviewer 2: Clarity
```suggestion
see the leaked backends cleaned up from the BPF maps after the Cilium agent restarts.
```

> The fixes to clean up such leaked duplicate backend entries were
> backported to older releases, and are available as part of the Cilium versions
> v1.11.16, v1.12.9 and v1.13.2. Fresh clusters deploying Cilium versions
> 1.11.15 or higher don't experience this particular leak issue.

Reviewer 2: Use plain, direct language
```suggestion
The fixes to clean up leaked duplicate backend entries were
backported to older releases, and are available as part of Cilium versions
v1.11.16, v1.12.9 and v1.13.2. Fresh clusters deploying Cilium versions
1.11.15 or higher don't experience this leak issue.
```

Author: I'll change `higher` -> `later` to match your above suggestions.

> See `this GitHub issue for more details <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/235514>`__.

Reviewer 2: Formatting nit
```suggestion
For more information, see `this GitHub issue <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/235514>`__.
```
